please stop life's all about moments of
impact and how they change our lives
forever but what if one day you can no
longer remember any of them hey you're
in the hospital you were in a car
accident and you pain my head hurts
doctor she doesn't remember me her
memory is going to improve with time we
missed you
I'm involved into life I don't know
that's a lot to take in
we'll figure this out together morning
Oh what please knock this habit I'm
sorry the last memory that I have is
being engaged Jeremy
ex-fiance Jeremy oh no no in her mind
it's current fiancé Jeremy I need to
make my wife fall in love with me again
I want to ask you out on a date like two
people that are just meeting for the
first time a date huh I just have to be
back by 10:00 in the morning oh my god
what first date you're already inviting
yourselves tonight what I know I'm just
a little sterilizers oh no ass Lisbon
you can't remember how we fell in love
and get sad experience at all over this
is the exact parking spot where we first
met
she doesn't remember you do you like
this right a little bit I'm trying to
say but we have I hope one day I can
love the way that you love me you
figured it out once you'll do it again
I fell no matter what challenges might
carry us apart we will always find a way
back to each other
you